# Fifo-library
- This repository contains an implementation of a fifo library, which can store all type of objects, with the support of user provided static allocation of data storage space or dynamic allocation using library.
- [CuTest](https://github.com/ennorehling/cutest) framework is used for writing test case around the code.
- Tests guaruntees 100% code coverage for functions and lines present in fifo-lib/fifo.c.
- Makefile is provided for building the fifo source as well as application (app/main.c). It also has dedicated targets for buidling Unit-Tests and checking test coverage.
- Library header uses [doxygen supported](https://github.com/rajkumarpatel2602/fifo-library/blob/main/doc/doxygen/README.md) commenting style.

# Project root directory structure
- app: application code resides here
- doc: place holder for documentation
- fifo-lib: fifo library source and header file
- ut: unit tests are placed inside this directory

# Commands
- `make libfifo.a` to generate an archive.
- `make app` to build sample application around fifo library. ("app.out" is the resultant app binary file.)
- `make test` to build UT binary with code-coverage support. ("ut-fifo.out" is the resultant UT binary file.)
- `make test-coverage` to get statastics for code coverage. (Make sure to generate UT binary, and running the same before test-coverage).
- `make clean` to remove all the build and autogenerated files.

## Note
For checking code coverage of unit tests `lcov` utility is used. I have centos 7.9 so I installed using yum package manager. Make sure to install lcov to check code-coverage.
